make it all run again (#29)
sequgen/sequgen: README.md

| Supported Python versions          | [![python versions badge](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/sequgen.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/sequgen) |
| Code quality                       | [![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=sequgen_sequgen&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=sequgen_sequgen) |
| Code coverage of unit tests        | [![Coverage](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=sequgen_sequgen&metric=coverage)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=sequgen_sequgen) |
| **GitHub Actions**
| Citation metadata consistency      | [![workflow cffconvert badge](https://github.com/sequgen/sequgen/workflows/cffconvert/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sequgen/sequgen/actions?query=workflow%3A%22cffconvert%22) |
| Unit tests                         | [![workflow tests badge](https://github.com/sequgen/sequgen/workflows/tests/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sequgen/sequgen/actions?query=workflow%3Atests) |

## Install

``` {.sourceCode .console}
pip3 install sequgen
```

## Contributing

> For developer documentation, go [here](README.dev.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For developer documentation, go to the [developer's README](README.dev.md).
```
